abdominal ct
acquisitions
angiogram
angiograms
archive
archives
biobank
biobanks
biorepository
biorepositories
cancer registry
cancer registries
case study
case studies
catalog
catalogs
catalogue
catalogues
chart
charts
chest computed tomography
clinical data
clinical study
clinical studies
clinical trial
clinical trials
collection
collections
compendium
compilation
compilations
computed tomogram
computed tomograms
computed tomographies
computed tomography
computed tomography scan
computer tomography
computer tomographies
computerized tomography
computerized tomographies
computerized tomography ct
contrast enhanced computed tomography
corpora
corpus
ct image
ct images
ct scan
ct scans
data
data analysis
data base
data bases
data lake
data lakes
data set
data sets
data warehouse
data warehouses
data-bank
data-banks
data-base
data-bases
data-lake
data-lakes
data-set
data-sets
databanks
database
databases
datalake
datalakes
dataset
datasets
descriptive analysis
descriptive study
descriptive studies
diaries
diary
dump
dumps
ehr
electronic health record
electronic health records
electronic medical record
electronic medical records
electronic patient record
electronic patient records
experimental study
experimental studies
feasibility trial
feasibility trials
health record
health records
historical data
hologram
holograms
hospital episode statistics
hospital record
hospital records
household survey
household surveys
image
images
interview
interviews
knowledge base
knowledge bases
knowledgebase
knowledgebases
magnetic resonance image
magnetic resonance images
manuscript
manuscripts
medical record
medical records
memo
memos
mri
mris
narrative review
national database
national databases
national survey
national surveys
neurological examination
neurological examinations
observational data
online survey
online surveys
patient registry
patient registries
patient survey
patient surveys
pilot study
pilot studies
population data
qualitative analysis
questionnaire
questionnaires
radiation hybrid mapping
radiation hybrid mappings
radiograph
radiographs
randomised controlled trial
randomised controlled trials
randomised trial
randomised trials
randomized control trial
randomized control trials
randomized controlled trial rct
randomized study
randomized studies
randomized trial
randomized trials
rct
record
records
registry
registries
repo
repos
repositories
repository
scan
scans
segmentation
segmentations
self report
self reports
sonogram
sonograms
spatial statistics
stereogram
stereograms
survey
survey data
surveys
t mri
taxonomy
taxonomies
tomogram
tomograms
treatment study
treatment studies
trial
trials
ultrasound scan
ultrasound scans
validation study
validation studies